# Week 6 meeting agenda

| Key          | Value              |
|--------------|--------------------|
| Date:        | 2024-03-19         |
| Time:        | 15:45 - 16:30      |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 13  |
| Chair        | Ipshit Raychaudhuri|
| Minute Taker | Daniel Dumitru     |
| Attendees:   | Ioana-Lisandra Draganescu, TA<br/> Daniel Dumitru</br> Yana Mihaylova<br/> Jake Nijssen<br/> Ipshit Raychaudhuri<br/> Kasparas Savickis<br/>  Maria Zmpainou |


## Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check -in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)
- Announcements by the team (2 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
---
- Announcements by the TA (3 min)
- Presentation of the current app to TA (2 min)
---
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss):
    - Discuss the Tasks and Planning assignment and how we will improve our mrs and Gitlab issues (6 min)
    - How are we going to deal with the cyclic dependencies between entities? (5 min)
    - UI
        - Decide on a UI style (CSS) that will be applied to the app (4 min)
        - Addition and reshuffling of a few UI elements (3 min)
    - How do we send invitations to people by email? (4 min)
    - Increasing our test coverage (3 min)
    - Next meeting: time and location (2 min)
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)
---
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (2 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)
- Closure (1 min)

## Issues Discussed:
- We discussed how admin authorization should be used on endpoints.
- We agreed that web sockets would be discussed in an outside meeting.
- We agreed on fixing issues from feedback from Tasks and Planning.
- We showed the TA the current progress of our app.
- We talked about how we could fix the DataBase in a timely manner.
- We discussed a font for the UI (Roboto) and colour palette (Material UI), but neither was fully agreed upon.
- We talked about adding back buttons(arrows) and fixing the language button, as well as adding flags.
- We discussed some confusion regarding the DataBase(mostly the initialisation in the app).
- We agreed that invite codes would be sent by email and that users would be able to join manually.
- We briefly talked about some security issues regarding brute-forcing UUIDs and other data.
- We decided to pick up the pace on testing and finishing long overdue tests.
- We agreed on the details of our next meeting.
- We briefly went over what everyone did in Week4 and Week5
- We talked about current known issues and split them accordingly between us.

## Final Notes:
- The meeting was finished a bit earlier than expected (7 minutes early). The discussion stayed on track mostly, with slight deviations here and there when it came to the order of the topics. The chair made sure that everyone got a say in each topic before continuing to the next.