# Week 4 meeting agenda

| Key          | Value              |
|--------------|--------------------|
| Date:        | 2024-03-05         |
| Time:        | 15:45 - 16:30      |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 13  |
| Chair        | Yana Mihaylova	    |
| Minute Taker | Ipshit Raychaudhuri|
| Attendees:   | Ioana-Lisandra Draganescu, TA<br/> Daniel Dumitru<br/> Yana Mihaylova<br/> Jake Nijssen<br/> Ipshit Raychaudhuri<br/> Kasparas Savickis<br/>  Maria Zmpainou |


## Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check -in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)
- Announcements by the team (2 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
---
- Announcements by the TA (3 min)
- Presentation of the current app to TA (2 min)
---
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss):
    - Endpoints
	1. Should we create more endpoints or include more methods for retrieving data and
	 parsing on the client-side? (5 min)
	2. Now that all endpoints and classes are created, check whether separate classes 
	 need to be edited (2 min)
    - UI structure
        1. Decide on a structure for the user interface (what follows from where, what will 
	 the scenes look like?) (6 min)
        2. Decide on a design for the interface - colors, images, tables (2 min)
        3. How to use the language system? (3 min)
    - Clean up unnecessary classes - Person, Quote (2 min)
    - Start thinking about the Admin part of the project (4 min) 
    - Buddycheck (3 min)
    - Next meeting: time and location (2 min)
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)
---
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (2 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)
- Closure (1 min)


## Issues Discussed:
- We decided to use endpoints to gather details about a specific Event object instead of doing that on the client-side. However, this will require some modification of the fields in the Entity class.
- We discussed on the creation of an Admin page and the actions an Admin should be able to carry out.
- We talked about how we need to fix up the database structure, especially the Debt class. We will rework the schema in our next meeting.
- We discussed about how we need to have a uniform design pattern across our UI as well as how switching the language requires resizing of UI elements.
- We talked about what features of the application should lead to separate scenes and which parts should be contained within the Event overview.
- We briefly individually went over the tasks we did over the last week.
- We discussed the details of our next meeting and formed a basic idea of the tasks we need to carry out over the course of this week.

## Final Notes:
- We finished the meeting earlier than expected. The discussions were mostly stayed on topic, however, the ordering was at times different to what was specified in the agenda. Some felt that a few topics were a bit underdiscussed which we will address accordingly in the next meeting.
